DOC: improvements to "Passing arguments to Meson" and "Using config settings" pages (#358)
mesonbuild/meson-python: docs/how-to-guides/config-settings.rst

*************************

Build config settings are settings you can pass to ``meson-python`` when
building your project. They can be use to customize the build in some
aspect.

Several Python build front-ends exist, with different ways to pass
configuration settings to the build back-end. The most popular are

> ``pypa/build``, which uses the ``-C`` command line option, and ``pip``,

Reviewer: - It is the style the docs are currently following
- Gives users a clickable link to the project, which is relevant if they are using pip for eg. and didn't know about pypa/build
- There's no downside?

> Again, without motivating your objections, it seems that you are disagreeing for the sake of disagreeing

I am not trying to disagree, these are just suggestions. I spent a significant amount of time going over and reviewing this PR, which I did not have to do, I could simply have a high level look and said :+1:, but I care about the docs, so I took the time to note what I consider to be possible improvements.

Isn't this common? When I open PRs, at least, I expect there to be comments, nothing I write is perfect or beyond improvement, and all that is subjective anyway. The point of reviews is to get other people's perspective, and see how it can be improved.

Anyway, I don't think our communication is very healthy at the moment. Is there anything you think we can do to try to improve this?
I sent you an email a couple days ago, were you able to read it over?

> ``pypa/build``, which uses the ``-C`` command line option, and ``pip``,

Author: I expect feedback to come with explanation. Otherwise it seems that your opinion is more important just because it is your opinion. I think it is the fundamental rule of providing feedback: if you cannot motivate it, it is just a persona preference, and there is no reason why your personal preference should be more important than the preference of someone else.

I don't think there is a communication issue. I disagree with you sometimes and you don't seem to handle that very well. See for example the interaction we just had on #360. I don't think that what you wrote is the proper way to deal with disagreement on technical matters. In particular the "Tired" comment you used to retire your objections. It makes it look like you retired them only because I've worn you out repeating the same arguments over and over. Instead the issue was already discussed in #306 where you decided to do not contribute to the discussion and the decision settled. I tried to provide the reasoning motivating the outcome of the discussion and you, instead of replying in the merit, decided to act in IMHO an immature way and declare that you don't care and I can have it may way if I really insist. If you really don't care, why did you object in the first place?

> I care about the docs, so I took the time to note what I consider to be possible improvements

How did the document I'm amending find its way in the documentation then?

which uses the ``--config-settings`` option. For example:

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: pypa/buid
        :sync: key_pypa_build

	.. code-block:: console

	   $ python -m build \
               -Csetup-args="-Doption=true" \
               -Csetup-args="-Dvalue=1" \
               -Ccompile-args="-j6"

    .. tab-item:: pip
        :sync: key_pip

	.. code-block:: console

	   $ python -m pip wheel . \
               --config-settings=setup-args="-Doption=disable" \
               --config-settings=compile-args="-j6"

> This examples use the ``python -m pip wheel`` command to build a Python
> wheel that can be later installed or distributed. To build a package and
> immediately install it, just replace ``wheel`` with ``install``.

Reviewer: I think this should be an admonition, also IMO the `python -m` bit of the command can be dropped in this text.

typo: "examples" > "example"

```suggestion
.. admonition:: Using ``pip install``
   :class: hint

   This example uses the ``pip wheel`` command to build a Python
   wheel that can be later installed or distributed. To build a package and
   immediately install it, just replace ``wheel`` with ``install``.
```

Author: The command executed is `python -m pip wheel`. Wheel is (was?) a command from the `wheel` package. Why should this an admonition? There is no reason to focus the attention to the reader to this paragraph, it is just a pretty boring explanation of what the command does. I'm not a fan of using heavy markup for no reason.

See :ref:`how-to-guides-meson-args` for more examples. Refer to the
`pypa/build documentation`_ or to the `pip documentation`_ for more
information.

.. _pypa/build documentation: https://pypa-build.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
.. _pip documentation: https://pip.pypa.io/

> Please note that, while ``pypa/build`` concatenates arguments for the same
> key passed to the ``-C`` option, ``pip`` up to version 23.0.1 does not offer
> any way to set a build config setting to a list of strings: later values for
> the same key passed to ``--config-settings`` override earlier ones. This
> effectively limits the number of options that can be passed to each command
> invoked in the build process to one. This limitation is tracked in `pip
> issue #11681`_. This limitation should be removed in the next version of
> pip.

Reviewer: I think this should be an admonition, also, the last two sentences can be combined. It might also make sense to split into two paragraphs if we're putting it in an admonition.

```suggestion
.. admonition:: pip <= 23.0.1 limitation
   :class: caution
   
   Please note that, while `pypa/build`_ concatenates arguments for the same
   key passed to the ``-C`` option, `pip`_ up to version 23.0.1 does not offer
   any way to set a build config setting to a list of strings: later values for
   the same key passed to ``--config-settings`` override earlier ones.
   
   This effectively limits the number of options that can be passed to each
   command invoked in the build process to one. This limitation is tracked
   in `pip issue #11681`_ and should be removed in the next version of pip.
```
